Electron package (#165)
launchcodedev/app-config: app-config-electron/README.md

> # App Config Electron

Reviewer: Could we get pages in `docs` as well?

Author: Is there a way to just link the readme?

Reviewer: You could make it a symlink I think, though I would write the readme vs docs differently for sure (docs are more meant as guides than intros, ideally)

> Easily inject `app-config` values into Electron renderer processes. See `examples/electron-project` for an example project.

Reviewer: FYI this readme will be used in NPM as well, where "see examples" won't make sense.

Author: Why won't it make sense in NPM? I just mean the examples folder in the repo

Author: Oh I see what you mean now. I changed it to a link

## Usage

> ### 1. Install `@app-config/main` and `@app-config/electron`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Install App Config and the Electron Package
```

```shell

> yarn add @app-config/main
> yarn add @app-config/electron

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn add @app-config/main @app-config/electron
```

```

Or, if you use NPM.

```shell

> npm i @app-config/main
> npm i @app-config/electron

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm i @app-config/main @app-config/electron
```

```

### 2. Load your config with any options you need in the main Electron process before creating any windows
```typescript
app.whenReady().then(() => {
  loadConfig().then(() => {
    const mainWindow = new BrowserWindow();

    mainWindow.loadFile('./index.html')
  });
});
```

### 3. Insert the App Config preload script into your `BrowserWindow` `webPreferences`

Pass your config and optionally any other `BrowserWindow` `webPreferences` you need to `addAppConfigPreload`.
```typescript
app.whenReady().then(() => {
  loadConfig().then(() => {
    const mainWindow = new BrowserWindow({
      webPreferences: addAppConfigPreload(config),
    });

    mainWindow.loadFile('./index.html')
  });
});
```

> ### 4. Your App Config values are now available under `window._appConfig` or in `config` if using `@app-config/main` in your web page. It's also available in `config` in the main Electron process.

Reviewer: Could we make the titles less wordy? See [rendered](https://github.com/launchcodedev/app-config/blob/48e57e39f50e5542529bcdf199b0f5fdf9f19406/app-config-electron/README.md)

> They can be found in `window._appConfig` or in `config` if using `@app-config/main` in your web page. It's also available in `config` in the main Electron process.

Reviewer: I think it's well worth noting that this is automatically compatible with how `@app-config/webpack` or `@app-config/vite` bundles are made (when the right flags are used).

# App Config Electron

Easily inject `app-config` values into Electron renderer processes. An example project is provided [here.](https://github.com/launchcodedev/app-config/tree/master/examples/electron-project)

## Usage

### 1. Install App Config and the Electron Package

```shell
yarn add @app-config/main @app-config/electron
```

Or, if you use NPM.

```shell
npm i @app-config/main @app-config/electron
```

### 2. Load your config with any options you need in the main Electron process before creating any windows
```typescript
app.whenReady().then(() => {
  loadConfig().then(() => {
    const mainWindow = new BrowserWindow();

    mainWindow.loadFile('./index.html')
  });
});
```

### 3. Insert the App Config preload script into your `BrowserWindow` `webPreferences`

Pass your config and optionally any other `BrowserWindow` `webPreferences` you need to `addAppConfigPreload`.
```typescript
app.whenReady().then(() => {
  loadConfig().then(() => {
    const mainWindow = new BrowserWindow({
      webPreferences: addAppConfigPreload(config),
    });

    mainWindow.loadFile('./index.html')
  });
});
```

### 4. Your App Config values are now available!

> They can be found in `window._appConfig` or in `config` if using `@app-config/main` in your web page. This works the same as our Webpack and Vite plugins (when the defualt options are used). It's also available in `config` in the main Electron process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can be found in `window._appConfig` or in `config` if using `@app-config/main` in your web page (when using `@app-config/webpack` with `headerInjection` or `@app-config/vite` with `readGlobal`). It's also available in `config` in the main Electron process.
```
